Mention the changes related to the SVN auth in Tuleap 13.11 deployment guide (#985)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/deployment-guide/13.x.rst

  Tuleap 13.11 is currently under development.

Changes in the way SVN authentication and project level authorization is handled
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This change is not expected to require modifications from system administrators.
As it impacts a sensitive part of Tuleap, system administrators should test carefully
SVN accesses after the upgrade. In case of issues, please reach out to the development team.

> The way the authentication and project level authorization of users doing SVN operations has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way users doing SVN operations are authenticated and authorized at project level has changed.
```

Reviewer: The original sentence seemed to lack a verb like "is done". It would have resulted in "doing SVN operations is done", which could be confusing. I suggest changing to passive-voice verbs to avoid that. Alternatively, an active-voice sentence may be used like "The way Tuleap authenticates and authorizes... users has changed".
